it's gonna be spooky we're gonna fight a
spooky ghost no that's okay we'll make
our own gusts deliver me a pizza
who wants a pizza from Hawthorne Hut
Hawthorne huts like did he say what he
wanted on it no did you know the first
Internet transaction ever was something
set really yep that's cool
wait I can like one-up Phillip oh hang
on hang on hang on I'm gonna do it 360
off this table all right oh shit I
haven't been spinning my camera to fight
the guy host I'm lagging oh no no a 90
Kade it's okay sometimes I wish that
mice had hands and legs so they could
make their own Chi instead of stealing
it from other people
oh no we didn't do the intro thing
spooky ghosts there are no ghosts in
here
there are spooky scary skeletons are
skeletons so startling you know
something it would know it would be
really hard to walk with breadsticks for
legs I mean it's like if they were the
breadsticks that we had from Pizza Hut
the last time I think you'd actually be
able to walk pretty easily
yeah they're pretty no they were the
word hard they were just chewy Saints I
put my microphone close to my face
I forget what is this gonna do again he
turns he makes the spooky skeleton shape
this yeah words I liked words that's my
friend
the spooky scary shit oh my god he's so
big now he's gone
first we're talking about hard dicks
then bigness you sure this is a match oh
yeah yeah it's all about man oh man and
dicks Wow everything hurts
no we learned that lesson last episode
this is a new episode this came out a
different thing
you learn not to stand in the fire there
we go this time we're learning math
again in the Thunder Hall which is
similar to Thunderdome except not at all
do I really not the whole time
I'm first order the roof has kind of
domes so I'm flicking her sister what
the last time you didn't have a whole
gang right didn't need that oh god yeah
what will happen well I'm just saying do
you have it on your bar yeah but not
important skills what a dumb a single
gum I mean do you off to put more than
one sink I like to I will do what and
then when the flavor search for value
yes that's what you do I was quite a
sign when you're like done chewing this
you would you end up with like a fucking
huge ass gum wad and then I put them in
my mic
my gummy bag that's best yeah I don't
come back that it's gross
go go go hey cow this is all like
threatening like oh you need to spread
out children no I just stand right on
top of them yeah hi this guy is like a
rave party president just to make
gesture Pam yeah for do that you think
they get them together yeah we whoa
death site yeah that's like the Soul
Eater right nice and chopped so slow did
it work wait for it wait for it
what woman they really like the food
they have these skeletons have the food
fetish okay
people say that yeah that's stupid
it's okay I'll beat their names out I'm
gonna put up these over there besides I
can tell this side the wait in the
doctor's office for three hours to be
seen today I'll be both the no but no
matter what you try to say I'm who's
gonna beep it so you can't you're never
gonna be able to tell them what you have
thanks my friend Thanks
binder if anyone's closer to here it's
you Landers I'll say oh god I'm so hurt
slandered rich in treasure treasure I
win California
sounds like it sounds like bad breath
halitosis that kills one first the one
with the boobs I don't know how to tell
you this her boobs are better always
scatter all breasts and ayres they are
made out of aether it's the building
block of life
drop some excise and some aether is made
out of breasts I mean technically
technically we all have it's dead to be
so yeah if they're made breasts me
neither
what name first
I killed I mean whatever lady almond
maybe lady only to me marmalade
maybe Ovaltine oh shit scatter so alone
I break now I got a safe everybody run
it was she gonna fight is everybody home
game
she won't know what to do woo did it
she's got bail over tax ODEs explorers
to naked